•	Visibility and Awareness 
o	On a local level, it was felt that the visibility and awareness of young carers was quite low and varied depending upon the area. The experts referred to a “post-code lottery” in which awareness and formal dedicated YC support services available differed upon the funding available to one’s particular local authority. This means that some young carers may find themselves in a better resourced area for formal support, whilst other young carers lived in areas where there would be no dedicated formal YC support available. 
o	Nationally, it was felt that the profile of young carers had gained more attention in recent years due to television programs like Children in Need. However, the visibility and awareness of young carers is most apparent in England, followed by Wales and Scotland, and then lastly by Northern Ireland. 
•	Strategies/Interventions/Programs 
o	The most current policy in place for young carers in England is The Care Act and the Children and Families Act of 2014, working together to give young carers a legal right to a carer’s assessment on the appearance of need (it may also be requested). 
o	https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/care-act-2014-part-1-factsheets/care-act-factsheets#factsheet-8-the-law-for-carers
o	http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2014/6/part/5/crossheading/young-carers-and-parent-carers/enacted
o	https://professionals.carers.org/new-rights-young-carers-england
o	The most well-known avenue of formal support for young carers in the UK are the hundreds of young carers projects across the country. However, these projects are subject to severe cuts in funding and thus, services offered.
•	Future 
o	It was felt that the general public would not know where to turn for support if they knew of a young carer. For example, one expert stated that he had never seen a young carer project publicized in the public, such as in a doctor’s office waiting area. 
o	Because of the rippling effects of the austerity policies, the outlook for young carers in the UK was very bleak and all felt that their situation would only worsen in the years to come. 
o	Finally, it was thought that the new legal rights for young carers in the Care Act and Children and Families Act were in name only, and likely have little actual benefit.
